We represent Waymo LLC ("Waymo") in its intellectual property matters. As you may be
aware) Waymo is a technology company that is currently developing autonomous vehicles and
related hardware and software offerings. Information regarding our client and its offerings can
be found at https://waymo.com.

As part of its offerings, Waymo has created a dataset called the Wa)'rno Open Dataset, which is
comprised of high resolution sensor data collected by Wayno autonomous cars in a wide variety
of conditions. Waymo made the Wayrno Open Dataset publicly available to aid the research
community in making advancements in machine perception and self-driving technology. The
Waymo Open Dataset may be accessed for free on Waymo's website at https://wa),rno,com/
operV, but only if the individual or entity that uses the Waymo Open Dataset agrees to the Waymo
Dataset License Agreement for Non-Commercial Use (August20I9). That license agreement
explicitly states, among other terms, that "Non-commercial Purposes does not include purposes
primarily intended for or directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation", and
"lt]o ensure the Dataset is only used for Non-Commercial Purposes, You further agree... (b) not to
use or deploy the Dataset....in whole or in part, ... (iiD for any other primarily commercial
purposes." The Waymo Open Dataset is currently available only under the license agreement
above. The Waymo Open Dataset is currently not available under any commercial license.

It has come to Wayrno's attention that you and a user on your website, 0x41E0F3b65810c
79A1f56696575e09a57C317I392 ("Referenced User"), are offering a copy of the Waymo Open
Dataset for sale on the Ocean Protocol website at, in violation of the license
agreement. This is troubling because a violation of the license agreement means that the
agreement has been breached, the copy of and activity related to the Waymo Open Dataset on
your site is unauthorized, and that the Wayno Open Dataset is being used in an unlicensed
manner and therefore in violation of Walmro's intellectual property rights.

We note that the Referenced User has also violated Ocean Protocol's own Terms and Conditions
(Section 8, Intellectual Property Rights and License). Specifically, when the Referenced User
offered the Wayrno Open Dataset on the Ocean Protocol site, it represented and warranted to
Ocean Protocol that it "own[ed] all right, title and interest in and of the published assets." Clearly
that is not the case as the Referenced lJser's actions are not authorized by Waymo, its agent, or
the law and therefore infringe Waymo's rights,

As such, the Referenced lJser's actions constitute fraudulent and illegal activity, and are a basis
for, among other things, suspension of the referenced page and the Referenced User's associated
account on the Ocean Protocol site.

To resolve this matter, we request that Ocean Protocol take the following actions:
1 . Remove the Referenced User's listing of the Waymo Open Dataset located at
l4349ea;
2. Deactivate the Referenced User account responsible for posting the listing and ban the
Referenced User from the Ocean Protocol website;
3. Provide to us the identity of the Referenced User; and
4. Confirm the number of sales/ downloads that have involved the Waymo Open Dataset on
the Ocean Protocol website.

Your anticipated cooperation with this matter is greatly appreciated, and we request you take
appropriate action no later than Ng$gbl429@. Should you wish to discuss this matter, please contact the undersigned attorney at xxx.654.6255.

Waymo reserves all rights and remedies.
