Dear Madam/Sir,

I am writing to you in my capacity as Legal Counsel of the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), an intergovernmental organization and specialized agency of the United Nations, dedicated to the promotion of intellectual property throughout the world.

We have recently been alerted to the fact that one of your Customers (referred to as "OxAFb4022dl3f9B47eAC1edEA570063be3b2e590F1") has been using the Ocean Marketplace to make accessible and sell the "WIPO GREEN Experts Database", without our authorization. We further noted that, in doing so, the said Customer has used and reproduced WIPO's acronym, and has published a WIPO GREEN brochure.

The post in question may be found at the following address: https://market.oceanprotocol.com/asset/did:op:f5dC3A446DcaF776b40DC7Ce7b92c3EA8ff4ACbF

Please be informed that WIPO is the sole and exclusive owner of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in the WIPO GREEN Experts Database, which may be accessed for free from the WIPO website. In addition, I draw your attention to the fact that the name of the "World Intellectual Property Organization", its acronym ("WIPO"), and its logo are protected against unauthorized uses under Article Bter of the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property. Their reproduction and unauthorized use constitutes a clear infringement of WIPO's intellectual
property rights.

The making available and the selling of a WIPO-owned database under the guise of WIPO constitute an unacceptable behavior, and denote a clear intention from the said Customer to mislead and confuse the public as to the author and owner of the WIPO GREEN Experts Database.

We have noted with satisfaction that the above-mentioned post has now been placed by your company in the so-called Ocean Market "purgatory" for "violation". While such a measure is a positive step forward, we understand, however, that it only constitutes a provisional remedy.

Even if, as a result of such a measure, it seems that the WIPO GREEN Experts Database can no longer be accessed through your website, the placement of the litigious post in the Ocean Market "purgatory" does not indeed put an end to WIPO's fraudulent impersonation and the resulting confusion for the public.

In light of the above, you are requested to remove from your website(s) the litigious post as well as any data originating from WIPO and/or including the name, acronym and logo of WIPO.

We look forward to hearing from you on the immediate measures you plan to take in order to remedy the situation.
